Okay, shouldn't you be in economics?
And your Buddha! I have suffered a lot in it.
At night, I asked your boyfriend to sing.
Tell me, my mother. At night, you can't lose your head.
Tell me, do you wish to destroy everything for you?
You don't have to ruin everything for me if you get drunk.
Since you have made a wish, I would like to thank you financially. I am so drunk.
I have nothing now, I give new rules,
Wrong person again.
At night.
I see you are in so much pain right now
I'm just so happy
Somewhat over
This wine brings blood to hell
let a girl
Fortunately, how about the chat room?
Can still get up
as brothers
Can I leave the habit?
Is it so easy to die?
I just heard a little girl shouting
Uncle hits aunt
I didn't even think about living there
I just don’t want to be here tomorrow
Hide back to the entity of Juyu Skin. Let's go to the hospital.
Maybe your stomach is still fighting with others, you yell?
Thank you Kuaiqiang
life-saving zone
Finally, I didn’t make some pheasant chicken.